Alliance Cindy & Bill Simon
Technology Academy High
Skip to main content
Mobile Menu
About Us
Mission Statement
Administration
Staff Directory
Careers
Directions
Safety Plan
Uniform Complaint Procedure
LCAP
Charter Renewal Petition
Brown Act 2016-17
Education Protection Account
2017-2018 School Budget
Enrollment
Students
ASB
All-Stars After School Program
Bell Schedule
Check Grades
Counselor Connection
College Resoures
Alumni Resources
Food Menu
Tutoring
Visitor Policy
Parents
Parent / Student Handbook
Attendance
Check Grades
Contact Teachers
Parent Engagement
Parent Newsletter
School Calendar 17-18
Governance
Town Hall
School Coordinating Council
School Board of Directors
Policy for Posting Board Agendas
Title IX
Contact Us
 Staff Only
 Calendar
 Naviance
 Parent Engagement
 Search
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Instagram
Staff
ASB 
		Mr.	Keith Kirchner					
kkirchner@laalliance.org
Administration
		Mr.	Chris Carr					
ccarr@laalliance.org
		Mr.	Ed Castillo					
ecastillo@laalliance.org
		Mrs.	Kristi Eddy					
keddy@laalliance.org
		Ms.	LaToya Robinson					
lrobinson@laalliance.org
All - Stars After School Program
		Ms.	Kenia Saldana					
ksaldana@laalliance.org
Art
		Mrs.	Chalon Ross Lee					
cross@laalliance.org
Attendance 
		Mrs.	Cynthia Carranza					
ccarranza@laalliance.org
		Ms.	Yessenia Hernandez					
YHernandez@laalliance.org
College Resources
		Dr.	Yvette Habrun					
yhabrun@laalliance.org
		Ms.	Joanna Hernandez					
johernandez@laalliance.org
		Ms.	Ivonne Polanco					
ipolanco@laalliance.org
Community Outreach
		Mr.	Ed Castillo					
ecastillo@laalliance.org
		Ms.	Margarita Vazquez					
mvazquez@laalliance.org
Counselor Connection 
		Dr.	Yvette Habrun					
yhabrun@laalliance.org
		Ms.	Joanna Hernandez					
johernandez@laalliance.org
		Ms.	Ivonne Polanco					
ipolanco@laalliance.org
Electives
		Mr.	Jeff Astor					
jastor@laalliance.org
		Mrs.	Vanessa Garcia-Dominguez					
vagarcia@laalliance.org
English
		Mr.	Clinton Fernicola					
cfernicola@laalliance.org
		Mr.	Javier Flores					
JFlores@laalliance.org
		Mr.	Keith Kirchner					
kkirchner@laalliance.org
		Ms.	Alma Pulgarin					
apulgarin@laalliance.org
		Mrs.	Lorena Reynoso-Jimenez					
lreynoso@laalliance.org
Enrollment
		Mrs.	Viviana Carroll					
vcarroll@laalliance.org
		Ms.	Yessenia Hernandez					
YHernandez@laalliance.org
Foreign Language
		Mrs.	Vanessa Garcia-Dominguez					
vagarcia@laalliance.org
		Ms.	Maritza Lopez					
MarLopez@laalliance.org
		Mrs.	Ana Luna					
avazquez@laalliance.org
Girl Soccer
		Mrs.	Bonita Campos					
bcampos@laalliance.org
Girls Basketball
		Ms.	Ivonne Polanco					
ipolanco@laalliance.org
Handbook
		Ms.	Yessenia Hernandez					
YHernandez@laalliance.org
Junior Committee
		Mrs.	Vanessa Garcia-Dominguez					
vagarcia@laalliance.org
Kinesiology
		Mr.	Juan Flores					
juflores@laalliance.org
Math
		Ms.	Ogechi Ahumibe					
OAhumibe@laalliance.org
		Mrs.	Chelsea Cross					
ccross@laalliance.org
		Ms.	Abir Itani					
aitani@laalliance.org
		Mr.	Eddie Kang					
ekang@laalliance.org
		Mr.	William Nunez					
wnunez@laalliance.org
		Mr.	Pierre Sandoval					
psandoval@laalliance.org
Parent Engagement
		Ms.	Margarita Vazquez					
mvazquez@laalliance.org
RSP
		Ms.	Jessica Enasel					
jenasel@laalliance.org
		Ms.	Maria Lopez					
malopez@laalliance.org
		Ms.	Eva Morelos					
eluciano@laalliance.org
Science
		Mr.	Frederick Carr					
biocarr90@gmail.com
		Mrs.	Cynthia Gotler					
cgotler@laalliance.org
		Mrs.	Josephine Ruvalcaba					
jruvalcaba@laalliance.org
		Mrs.	Jennifer Scholz					
jscholz@laalliance.org
Senior Committee
		Mr.	Keith Kirchner					
kkirchner@laalliance.org
Social Studies
		Mr.	Jose De La Torre					
jdelatorre@laalliance.org
		Mr.	Joshua Lee					
jolee@laalliance.org
		Mr.	Sergio Maldonado					
smaldonado@laalliance.org
		Ms.	Carolyn Torres					
ctorres@laalliance.org
Student Support 
		Ms.	Maria Lopez					
malopez@laalliance.org
		Ms.	Destinye McGill					
dmcgill@laalliance.org
		Ms.	Kira Nashed					
knashed@laalliance.org
Technology
		Mr.	Ali Raja					
araja@laalliance.org
Yearbook
		Mrs.	Chalon Ross Lee					
cross@laalliance.org
Alliance Cindy & Bill Simon
Technology academy High School
10720 Wilmington Avenue, Los Angeles, CA 90059
Phone: 
(323) 744-2122
Fax: (323) 744-2123 
Select Language
​
▼
| Login
 Powered by Edlio
Calendar
Parent Portal
Homework
Directions
Original text
Contribute a better translation