Home
About Our School
How to Enroll
Academics
Character Building - M7
Student Testing Schedule
Parent Involvement
Special Education
School Pledge
Student Conduct / Dress
Volunteers & Vistors
Board Members
Useful Resources
Summer Day Camp
Rocket Sports Program
F.A.Q.
Job Opportunities
Contact Us
Staff Email
 Ohio 2012
 School Rating
Directory
 Executive Director, Tijuana Russell          
 School Address
    Millennium Community School
    3500 Refugee Road
    Columbus, Ohio 43232 
    Phone: (614) 255-5585
    Fax: (614) 255-5580
Name
Title
Email
Mrs. Anloague
5th Grade Teacher
nanoalue@2kschool.com
Mr. Bell
Art Teacher
tbell@2kschool.com
Mrs. Bailey
3rd Grade Teacher
sbailey@2kschool.com
Ms. Boring
4th Grade Teacher
eboring@2kschool.com
Mr. Bowers
4th Grade Teacher
mbowers@2kschool.com
Ms. Brown
2nd Grade Teacher
tbrown@2kschool.com
Mr. Brown
Dean of Students
cbrown2@2kschool.com
Mr. Burgess
Para-Professional
dburgess@2kschool.com
Ms. Coulter
Teacher
kcoulter@2kschool.com
Ms. Cram
Teacher
rcram@2kschool.com
Ms. Davis
School Office Manager
LDavis@2kschool.com
Mrs. Couch
Kindergarten Teacher
dcouch@2kschool.com
Ms. E. Dixon
Teacher
edixon@2kschool.com
Ms. Ellis
Para-Professional
cellis@2kschool.com
Mrs. Eubanks
ELA Teacher
jeubanks@2kschool
Ms. Fireman
Teacher
afireman@2kschool.com
Ms. Fizer
Teacher
gfizer@2kschool.com
Mrs. Flanagan
Teacher
jflanagan@2kschool.com
Mr. Gamble
Teacher
ggamble@2kschool.com
Mrs. Gates
Teacher
mgates@2kschool.com
Mr. Gibson
Paraprofessional
jgibson@2kschool.com
Mrs. Gillison
Academic Architect K - 1
dgillison@2kschool.com
Mrs. Hall
5th Grade Teacher
ahall@2kschool.com
Mr. Kollow
Teacher
akollow@2kschool.com
Mrs. Rieser
Kindergarten Teacher
trieser@2kschool.com
Ms. Madden
Exceptional Ed Teacher
mmadden@2kschool.com
Ms. Maple
Teacher
smaple@2kschool.com
Mr. Mosley
Athlete Director
hmosley@2kschool.com
Mr. Norwood
Teacher
rnorwood@2kschool.com
Mr. Pate
Exceptional Ed Coordinator
dpate@2kschool.com
Mr. Prysock
Child Nutrition Specialist
kPrysock@2kschool
Ms. Randolph
Kindergarten Teacher	
srandolph@2kschool.com
Mrs. Reaves
School Nurse
sreaves@2kschool.com
Mr. Reese
Architect - Middle School
dreese@2kschool.com
Mr. Riggins
Kindergarten Teacher
sriggins@2kschool.com
Ms. Robinson
Office Clerk
frobinson@2kschool.com
Director Russell
Executive Director
Trussell@2kschool.com
Mr. Sensabaugh
Para-Professional
dsensabaugh@2kschool.com
Mrs. Sexten
Speach Therapist
hsexten@2kschool.com
Ms. Shaffner
Teacher
sshaffner@2kschool.com
Mrs. Shaw
Para-Professional
ashaw@2kschool.com
Mr. Shaw
Library-Media Specialist
kshaw@2kschool.com
Mrs. Slappy
Child Nutrition Coordinator
sslappy@2kschool.com
Mr. W. Smith
School IT Coordinator
wsmith@2kschool.com
Mr. T. Smith
Exceptional Ed Para-Pro
tsmith@2kschool.com
Ms. Smith
Para-Professional
asmith@2kschool.com
Ms. J Smith
Teacher
jsmith@2kschool.com
Mr. L. Smith
Intervention
lsmith@2kschool.com
Mr. Stanley
Paraprofessional
jstanley@2kschool.com
Mr. Stout
Title Math
astout@2kschool.com
Ms. Takor
School Nurse
vtakor@2kschool.com
Mr. Thornton
Maintenance\Custodian
dthornton@2kschool.com
Mr. Trimner
Social Studies Teacher
dtrimner@2kschool.com
Ms. Truss
Para-Professional
etruss@2kschool.com
Mr. Weaver
Paraprofessional
cweaver@2kschool.com
Ms. Weeks
Para-Professional
rweeks@2kschool.com
Mr. West
Paraprofessional
awest@2kschool.com
Mrs. Worley
Teacher
cworley@2kschool.com
Mr. Young
Academic Architect 2 - 5
ryoung@2kschool.com
Home
 | 
Contact Web Master
 | 
Privacy & Security 
| Business Practices 
Â© Copyright 2016.  Millennium Community School is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE). 