CALL: 855-937-4227
CONTACT US
ABOUT US
GUIDING PRINCIPLES
GOVERNANCE
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
PARENT ADVISORY COUNCIL
SCHOLAR LEADERSHIP COUNCIL
ACCREDITATION & AUTHORIZERS
AFFILIATIONS
LOCATIONS
PLEDGE OF EXCELLENCE
MEET OUR TEAM
EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITIES
ENROLLMENT
ENROLL NOW
ENROLLMENT CHECKLIST
MILITARY FAMILIES
STRUGGLING LEARNERS
YOUNG ATHLETES
GIFTED CHILDREN
CHILD ACTORS
FAQ
ACADEMICS
ONLINE PROGRAM
HOMESCHOOL PROGRAM
COUNSELING SERVICES
RECORDS / TRANSCRIPTS
SCHOLAR ENGAGEMENT
SPECIAL EDUCATION
SUMMER SCHOOL
SPIRIT GEAR STORE
BLOG AND NEWS
BLOG
NEWS
EVENTS
CALENDAR
GRADUATION
PROMOTION
LIVE STREAM EVENTS
GIVING
CONTACT
ENROLL TODAY!
PARENTS & SCHOLARS
                        Home                
/
About Us
/
Compass Charter Schools Team
/
Options Program
Home Study
Kristy Smith
Options Learning Manager
ksmith@compasscharters.org
Jeanne Hlebo
Vendor Relations Coordinator
jhlebo@compasscharters.org
Donnel Tyler
Vendor Relations Specialist
dtyler@compasscharters.org
Eliezer Berdugo
Paraprofessional
eberdugo@compasscharters.org
Lindsey Chalco-Paz
Educational Facilitator
lchalcopaz@compasscharters.org
Melissa Collier
Educational Facilitator
mcollier@compasscharters.org
Linda Eddy
Educational Facilitator
leddy@compasscharters.org
Tricia Gallagher
Educational Facilitator
tgallagher@compasscharters.org
Heather Hardy
Educational Facilitator
hhardy@compasscharters.org
Andrea Heinricy
Educational Facilitator
aheinricy@compasscharters.org
Morgan Kohler
Educational Facilitator
mkohler@compasscharters.org
Linda Larson
Educational Facilitator
llarson@compasscharters.org
Kelli McCaulley
Educational Facilitator
kmccaulley@compasscharters.org
Marilyn Sanchez-Kirchner
Paraprofessional
mkirchner@compasscharters.org
Wendy Sottile
Educational Facilitator
wsottile@compasscharters.org
Sharlie Walker
Educational Facilitator
swalker@compasscharters.org
Amy Wormald
Educational Facilitator
awormald@compasscharters.org
Â© 2018 Compass Charter Schools  
ABOUT US
 Back 
GUIDING PRINCIPLES
GOVERNANCE
 Back 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
PARENT ADVISORY COUNCIL
SCHOLAR LEADERSHIP COUNCIL
ACCREDITATION & AUTHORIZERS
AFFILIATIONS
LOCATIONS
PLEDGE OF EXCELLENCE
MEET OUR TEAM
 Back 
EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITIES
ENROLLMENT
 Back 
ENROLL NOW
ENROLLMENT CHECKLIST
MILITARY FAMILIES
STRUGGLING LEARNERS
YOUNG ATHLETES
GIFTED CHILDREN
CHILD ACTORS
FAQ
ACADEMICS
 Back 
ONLINE PROGRAM
HOMESCHOOL PROGRAM
COUNSELING SERVICES
RECORDS / TRANSCRIPTS
SCHOLAR ENGAGEMENT
SPECIAL EDUCATION
SUMMER SCHOOL
SPIRIT GEAR STORE
BLOG AND NEWS
 Back 
BLOG
NEWS
EVENTS
 Back 
CALENDAR
GRADUATION
PROMOTION
LIVE STREAM EVENTS
GIVING
CONTACT
ENROLL TODAY!
PARENTS & SCHOLARS
<div style="display:inline;"><img height="1" width="1" style="border-style:none;" alt="Google" src="//googleads.g.doubleclick.net/pagead/viewthroughconversion/873830310/?guid=ON&amp;script=0"/></div>